Titanic - Notes


Git workflow:
1. Git pull <remote url>
2. Git add . 
3. Git commit -m "commit message"
4. Git push origin master - If error, run git pull again and then run git push 

Understanding Data:
SibSp: spouses or sibling
Parch: bacho ke liye parch is no of parents on board, parents ke liye parch is no of bache on board
Many people are travelling on the same ticket, in most cases, these people will be related.


EDA Data: - Matplotlib, Seaborn
Manak bar graph of place of boarding for each pclass
Manvi survival vs gender and age 
Raghav avg age of males and females
green Raghav avg age of males and females in diff pclass
green Raghav difference in survival rates in males and females of diff pclass
Manak pclass ka survival
Manvi avg fare of pclass
Manvi cabin and survival within each pclass
Manak parch and survival 
Manak sibsp and survival
Manak parch and sibsp within each pclass
green Raghav sibsp+parch = total family, survival and total family correlation 
red ticket number - does pool of people survive with family?
green Raghav sex, age and pclass ko combine karke make a bar graph


Cleaning and Processing Data: - Pandas

green Manvi fill rate
Manvi separate name column into first name, title and the rest of the name 
green Manak Numerical flags for gender and embarked variables

missing values - before applying the algo 

manak remove the col with low fill rate, remove missing values
raghav pipeline random forest
manvi pipeline random forest - confusion matrix

 age fill rate and fare fill rate
 tracker for d/f models



suggestions: 
1. prepare train and test dfs - 
2. take the input and run rf and generate submission files - raghav

1. remove passenger id - manak
2. can remove fare - manak
3. pclass without dummies - manak
4. gender without dummies - manak
5. feature engin - gender*pclass - raghav
g = 1, pclass = 1, new_var = 1
baseline accuracy - manvi
make a markdown file for notes - manvi

6. impute missing values in train - raghav

modify number of trees




